# Data-Journalism

## Business Scenario
Adventure Works Cycles (AWC) is an international manufacturer and seller of bicycles and accessories. The company’s headquarters is located in Bothell, Washington, USA and have 3 main regional sales offices in America, European and the Pacific. AWC would like to expand their sales to their best customers, extending its product availability through an external website, while maintaining the lower production costs. AWC sales mainly come from two sales channels, such as resellers and internet/online. There are three major product categories for AWC online sales namely bikes, clothing and accessories & components. The core income for AWC is obtained by selling three main brands of bikes such as mountain bikes, road bikes and touring bikes bicycles. An additional income is generated by selling cycling accessories such as bottles, caps, gloves, jerseys, and components namely bike racks, brake chains, handlebars etc.

## Project Deliverables
Three dashboards in a single Tableau Packaged Workbook (.twbx extension). Each dashboard should contain 3-4 visualisations.

## Download Dataset
Download dataset here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jvPSC6y9Au7yW9ibGwXIBR7rlPY0MRQj/view?usp=sharing

## Set up guide
- Upload dataset file onto Microsoft SQL Management Studio
- Open the Tableau File and connect it to your Microsoft SQL Server

## Analysis and Recommendation
Watch the linked Youtube video for my analysis: [https://youtu.be/CbGTcLQiAbY](https://youtu.be/-10D55YIwoQ)

## Project Outcome
The project achieved an "A" grade.
